Software License

PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE. BY USING THE
SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED
SOFTWARE TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT AND YOUR MONEY WILL BE REFUNDED.

1. License. The application, demonstration, system and other software
accompanying this License, whether on disk, in read only memory, or on any
other media (the "Software"), the related documentation and fonts are
licensed to you by Metrowerks and its Licensors. You own the disk on which
the Software and fonts are recorded but Metrowerks and/or Metrowerks'
licensors retain title to the Software, related documentation and fonts.
This License allows you to use the Software and fonts on a single computer.
You may use a copy of the software on a home or portable computer, as long
as the extra copy is never loaded at the same time the software is loaded
on the primary computer on which you use the Software. You may make one
copy of the Software and fonts in machine-readable form for backup
purposes. You must reproduce on such copy the Metrowerks copyright notice
and any other proprietary legends that were on the original copy of the
Software and fonts. You may also transfer all your license rights in the
Software and fonts, the backup copy of the Software and fonts, the related
documentation and a copy of this License to another party, provided the
other party reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this
License.

2. Restrictions. The Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets,
and other proprietary material. In order to protect them, and except as
permitted by applicable legislation, you may not decompile, reverse
engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a
human-perceivable form. You may not modify, network, rent, lease, loan,
distribute or create derivative works based upon the Software in whole or
in part. You may not electronically transmit the Software from one computer
to another or over a network. If the Software was licensed to you for
academic use, you may not use the Software for commercial product
development. You may use the Software to develop freeware or shareware.

You may not market or distribute, as commercial products, any programs
developed with the use of the Software, unless Sony Electronic Publishing
Company, or other appropriate Sony company, authorizes you to make
commercial distribution of such programs pursuant to a separate license
agreement. You agree to indemnify Metrowerks against any claim, liability,
or damage resulting from any breach of the foregoing obligation.

3. Software Redistribution. Appendix A hereunder contains specific
information concerning software redistribution of different binaries
licensed to you under this software license agreement.

In all cases of software redistribution and in order to protect Metrowerks
and Metrowerks' Licensors intellectual property rights in the Software and
redistributable libraries herein, you must reproduce on each copy a
copyright notice that clearly states

"Copyright c by [Licensee Name] and its Licensors,"

and distribute such Software and redistributable libraries pursuant to a
valid agreement that is at least as protective of Metrowerks and
Metrowerks' Licensors rights in the Software and redistributable libraries
as this License.

4. Termination. This License is effective until terminated. You may
terminate this License at any time by destroying the Software, related
documentation and fonts and all copies thereof. This License will terminate
immediately without notice from Metrowerks if you fail to comply with any
provision of this License. Upon termination you must destroy the Software,
related documentation and fonts and all copies thereof.

5. Export Law Assurances. You agree and certify that neither the Software
nor any other technical data received from Metrowerks, nor the direct
product thereof, will be exported outside the United States except as
authorized and as permitted by the laws and regulations of the United
States. If the Software has been rightfully obtained by you outside of the
United States, you agree that you will not re-export the Software nor any
other technical data received from Metrowerks, nor the direct product
thereof, except as permitted by the laws and regulations of the United
States and the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction in which you
obtained the Software.

6. Government End Users. If you are acquiring the Software and fonts on
behalf of any unit or agency of the United States Government, the following
provisions apply. The Government agrees that the Software and fonts shall
be classified as "commercial computer software" as that term is defined in
the applicable provisions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR") and
supplements thereto, including the Department of Defense ("DoD") FAR
Supplement ("DFARS"). If the Software and fonts are supplied for use by
DoD, it is delivered subject to the terms of this Agreement and either (i)
in accordance with DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a), or (ii) with
restricted rights in accordance with DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (OCT
1988), as applicable. If the Software and fonts are supplied for use by any
other Federal agency, it is restricted computer software delivered subject
to the terms of this Agreement and (i) FAR 12.212(a); (ii) FAR 52.227-19;
or (iii) FAR 52.227-14(ALT III), as applicable.

7. Limited Warranty on Media. Metrowerks warrants the compact disc on which
the Software and fonts are recorded to be free from defects in materials
and workmanship under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase as evidenced by a copy of the receipt. Metrowerks entire
liability and your exclusive remedy will be replacement of the diskettes
and/or compact disc not meeting Metrowerks limited warranty and which is
returned to Metrowerks with a copy of the receipt. Metrowerks will have no
responsibility to replace a disk/disc damaged by accident, abuse or
misapplication. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ON THE COMPACT DISC, INCLUDING THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF DELIVERY. THIS
WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER
RIGHTS WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION.

8. Disclaimer of Warranty on Metrowerks Software. You expressly acknowledge
and agree that use of the Software and fonts is at your sole risk. Except
as is stated above, the Software, related documentation and fonts are
provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any kind and Metrowerks and
Metrowerks' Licensor(s) (for the purposes of provisions 7 and 8, Metrowerks
and Metrowerks' Licensor(s) shall be collectively referred to as
"Metrowerks") EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. METROWERKS DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED
OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE AND THE FONTS WILL BE
CORRECTED. FURTHERMORE, METROWERKS DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE
AND FONTS OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN
BY METROWERKS OR A METROWERKS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A
WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY. SHOULD THE
SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT METROWERKS OR A METROWERKS
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU.

9. Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE,
SHALL METROWERKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR
RELATED DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF METROWERKS OR A METROWERKS AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

In no event shall Metrowerks' total liability to you for all damages,
losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including
negligence) or otherwise) exceed that portion of the amount paid by you
which is fairly attributable to the Software and fonts.

10. Controlling Law and Severability. This License shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of
California, as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed
entirely within California between California residents. If for any reason
a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this License, or
portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the License shall
be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of
the parties, and the remainder of this License shall continue in full force
and effect.

11. Complete Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the use of the Software, the related
documentation and fonts, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject
matter. No amendment to or modification of this License will be binding
unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of
Metrowerks.

Should you have any questions or comments concerning this license, please
do not hesitate to write to Metrowerks Corp., 2201 Donley Drive Suite 310,
Austin TX 78758, USA. attn: Warranty Information.

Appendix A - Software Redistribution Information for CodeWarrior SDK

The following list describes the Software and redistributable libraries
that licensees hereunder may incorporate into their own programs and
distribute (in object code form only), solely with their own programs,
pursuant to the terms of this Software License in the event the Software
and redistributable libraries listed hereunder are distributed by
Metrowerks to the licensee as part of the current CodeWarrior CD-ROM.

These files in object code form only and bundled with Licensee software
only, can be distributed by Licensee to end users directly or indirectly
through dealers, distributors, VARs, OEMs and other relicensors.

In all cases of software redistribution and in order to protect Metrowerks
and Metrowerks' Licensors intellectual property rights in the Software and
redistributable libraries herein, you must reproduce on each copy a
copyright notice that clearly states

"Copyright c by [Licensee Name] and its Licensors,"

and distribute such Software and redistributable libraries pursuant to a
valid agreement that is at least as protective of Metrowerks and
Metrowerks' Licensors rights in the Software and redistributable libraries
as this License. Without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall licensee
attempt to expand Metrowerks' warranty or other obligations for the
Software and redistributable libraries beyond that set forth in this
agreement.

Metrowerks Software and Redistributable Libraries

*The PowerPlant Library and sample code. Licensees cannot distribute the
source code or any derivations thereof to the PowerPlant Library and Sample
code without express written permission from an authorized officer of
Metrowerks Inc.

*The Metrowerks Standard Library and sample code. Licensees cannot
distribute the source code or any derivations thereof to the Metrowerks
Standard Library and Sample code without express written permission from an
authorized officer of Metrowerks Inc.

*The Java VM and associated runtime libraries contained in the
RedistributableVM.sit archive found in the Java support folder.

NOTE TO ISVs: The enhanced, embeddable CodeWarrior Java VMs and JITs that
are not part of the RedistributableVM.sit archive can be licensed for
volume binary redistribution under an annual fixed-price license agreement.
Please contact sales@metrowerks.com for further information.

Apple Computer Software and Redistributable Libraries

* Object-code derivations of sample code and final versions of the
following files:

* AppleScript runtime files (AppleScript, Inline Filter, AppleScriptLib,
ObjectSupportLib, Beep, Choose Application, Choose File, Current Date,
Display Dialog, File Commands, Load Script, New File, Numerics, Read/Write
Commands, Run Script, Scripting Components, Store Script, String Commands,
Time to GMT, English Dialect).

* XTND runtime files (Claris XTND System, contents of Claris Translators
folder, XTNDInterfaceLib.o, XTNDInterfaceLib.o, XTND Power Enabler).

* MacODBC runtime files (ODBC Configuration Manager, ODBC Setup, ODBC
Driver Manager).

* Serial Switch

* Thread Manager

* Sound and Sound Manager

* File System Manager

* Macintosh Drag and Drop, Clipping Extension, and Dragging Enabler,
provided that the Licensee includes in a conspicuous place on the exterior
of the packaging of the licensee programs, the following language:
"Macintosh Drag and Drop included".

* MacApp provided that the Licensee includes in a conspicuous place on the
exterior of the packaging of the licensee programs, the following language:
"Macintosh Drag and Drop included".

* Apple Shared Library Manager files: Shared Library Manager and ASLM Resources

* AppleSearch Client, AppleSearch Authentication, AppleSearch
Communication, and ASClientLib.o.

* Apple Guide

* UGLibrary.o (Appleshare API glue)

* Apple MIDI Driver and MIDI Manager

* Mathlib

* Telephone Manager and TelMgrGlue.o

* The following Communications Toolbox files: CTB Resources,
CommToolboxExtensions.o, Apple Modem Tool, Text Tool, AppleTalk ADSP Tool,
TTY Tool, XMODEM Tool, VT102 Tool, SerialTool, TTYFont, VT102Font, ADSP,
AdminLAT, LAT, LAT Prep, and LAT Tool

* The following MacSNMP, MacTCP, and MacX25 files: SNMPLibrary.cln.o,
SNMPLibrary.clf.o, LibraryManager.n.o, LibraryManager.o, LAP802.a.o,
LAP802.c.o, LAP802Arp.c.o, LAP802Mdev.c.o, LAPAsmUtil.a.o, LAPloopBack.a.o,
FSDES.o, IPCGlue.o, X25_Interface_Library.o

* The following Network Software Installer files: Apple Token Ring NB,
AppleTalk, EtherTalk Phase 2, Network, Responder, Token Ring, TokenTalk
Phase 2, and TokenTalk Prep

* The following MacTCP-related HyperCard XCMDs (built from the sample
source code in the HyperCard MacTCP Toolkit folder): TCPActiveOpen,
TCPCharsAvailable, TCPClose, TCPNameToAddr, TCPOverview, TCPPassiveOpen,
TCPRecvChars, TCPRecvMsg, TCPRecvUpTo, TCPRelease, TCPSend, TCPState, and
TCPVersion

Motorola Software and Redistributable Libraries

* The following LibMoto files: atan.o, fatan.o, fpow.o, fsqrt.o, ftrig.o,
memmove.o, pow.o, sqrt.o, strcmp.o, strlen.o, stncmp.o, trig.o, in both
statically linkable and dynamically linkable object code formats for all
PowerPC based operating systems for which Motorola provides a version of
LibMoto.

For any additional information on Apple-licensed software contact Apple's
Software Licensing Department at the following address for further
information:

Software Licensing Department Apple Computer, Inc. 2420 Ridgepoint Drive,
MS: 198-SWL Austin, TX 78754 Telephone: 512/919-2645 AppleLink: SW.LICENSE

For any additional information on Metrowerks-licensed software write or
email to:

Metrowerks Corp., 2201 Donley Drive, Suite 310 Austin TX 78758, USA. attn:
Warranty Information. email: support@metrowerks.com
CDLicense-Rev.09/06/96
